feat: insights docs (#7189)
Unleash/unleash: website/docs/reference/insights.mdx

---
title: Insights
---

import Figure from '@site/src/components/Figure/Figure.tsx'

:::info Availability

> Insights is released in Unleash 6.0 and is available for Enterprise and Pro customers. Pro customers only see the first two charts.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Insights is released in Unleash 6.0 and is available for Enterprise and Pro customers. For Pro customers only the
Total users and Total flags charts are available.
```
The below suggestions, or perhaps something like this?

:::

Insights is a feature designed to help you better understand and gain insights into what is happening in your Unleash instance. You can view insights across all projects or by selecting single or multiple projects using the filter.

In total, there are 6 different charts available that show information over time:

- Total users
- Total flags
- Average health
- Median time to production
- Flag evaluation metrics

> - Updates per environment type

Reviewer: I know we say "the first two charts" further up, but could perhaps add (Pro, Enterprise) and (Enterprise) to the chart options available to each plan?

> ### Total users

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Total users (Pro, Enterprise)
```
Something like this perhaps?
